feat: added utils/every-in-by (#1409)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/utils/every-in-by/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2024 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

> # every in by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# everyInBy
```

> > Test whether all elements in a object are truthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Test whether all properties (own and inherited) of an object pass a test implemented by a predicate function.
```

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- Package usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var everyInBy = require( '@stdlib/utils/every-in-by' );
```

#### everyInBy( object, predicate\[, thisArg ] )

> Tests whether all elements in a `object` pass a test implemented by a `predicate` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests whether all properties (own and inherited) of an `object` pass a test implemented by a `predicate` function.
```

    'c': 3
};

bool = everyInBy( o, isPositive );
// returns true
```

If provided an empty `object`, the function returns `true`.

```javascript
function isPositive(v) {
    return ( v > 0 );
}

var bool = everyInBy( {}, isPositive );
// returns true
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- Package usage examples. -->

<section class="examples">

## Examples

<!-- eslint no-undef: "error" -->

```javascript
var randu = require( '@stdlib/random/base/randu' );
var everyInBy = require( '@stdlib/utils/every-in-by' );

var bool;
var o;
var i;

function isPositive(v) {
    return ( v > 0 );
}

o = {};
for ( i = 0; i < 100; i++ ) {
    o[ i ] = ( randu() < 0.95 );
}

bool = everyInBy( o, isPositive );
// returns <boolean>
```

</section>

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- Section to include cited references. If references are included, add a horizontal rule *before* the section. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="references">

</section>

<!-- /.references -->

<!-- Section for related `stdlib` packages. Do not manually edit this section, as it is automatically populated. -->

<section class="related">

> * * *
> 
> ## See Also
> 
> -   <span class="package-name">[`@stdlib/utils/any`][@stdlib/utils/any]</span><span class="delimiter">: </span><span class="description">test whether at least one element in a object is truthy.</span>
> -   <span class="package-name">[`@stdlib/utils/every-by`][@stdlib/utils/every-by]</span><span class="delimiter">: </span><span class="description">test whether all elements in a object pass a test implemented by a predicate function.</span>
> -   <span class="package-name">[`@stdlib/utils/for-each`][@stdlib/utils/for-each]</span><span class="delimiter">: </span><span class="description">invoke a function for each element in a object.</span>
> -   <span class="package-name">[`@stdlib/utils/none`][@stdlib/utils/none]</span><span class="delimiter">: </span><span class="description">test whether all elements in a object are falsy.</span>
> -   <span class="package-name">[`@stdlib/utils/some`][@stdlib/utils/some]</span><span class="delimiter">: </span><span class="description">test whether a object contains at least `n` elements which are truthy.</span>

Reviewer: We auto-populate this section, no reason to fill in manually.

```suggestion
```

</section>

<!-- /.related -->

<!-- Section for all links. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="links">

<!-- <related-links> -->

> [@stdlib/utils/any]: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/tree/develop/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/utils/any
> 
> [@stdlib/utils/every-by]: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/tree/develop/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/utils/every-by
> 
> [@stdlib/utils/for-each]: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/tree/develop/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/utils/for-each
> 
> [@stdlib/utils/none]: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/tree/develop/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/utils/none
> 
> [@stdlib/utils/some]: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/tree/develop/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/utils/some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
